docs: Added Pandas-AI integration (#745)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/frameworks/pandas-ai.md

---
title: Pandas-AI
weight: 2900
---

# Pandas-AI

> Pandas-AI is a Python library that uses a generative AI model to interpret natural language queries and translate them into Python code to interact with the data and return the results to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pandas-AI is a Python library that uses a generative AI model to interpret natural language queries and translate them into Python code to interact with pandas data frames and return the final results to the user.
```

I was a bit confused if the names of `pandas-ai` and `pandas` are somehow related to each other.

## Installation

```console
pip install pandasai[qdrant]
```

## Usage

You can begin a conversation by instantiating an `Agent` instance based on your Pandas data frame. The default Pandas-AI LLM requires an [API key](https://pandabi.ai.).

You can find the list of all supported LLMs [here](https://docs.pandas-ai.com/en/latest/LLMs/llms/)

```python
import os
import pandas as pd
from pandasai import Agent

# Sample DataFrame
sales_by_country = pd.DataFrame(
    {
        "country": [
            "United States",
            "United Kingdom",
            "France",
            "Germany",
            "Italy",
            "Spain",
            "Canada",
            "Australia",
            "Japan",
            "China",
        ],
        "sales": [5000, 3200, 2900, 4100, 2300, 2100, 2500, 2600, 4500, 7000],
    }
)

os.environ["PANDASAI_API_KEY"] = "YOUR_API_KEY"

agent = Agent(sales_by_country)
agent.chat("Which are the top 5 countries by sales?")
# OUTPUT: China, United States, Japan, Germany, Australia
```

## Qdrant support

> You can train Pandas-AI to understand your data better and improve result quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can train Pandas-AI to understand your data better and improve the quality of the results.
```
